♪ comic suspense music ♪
[Security 1]
Birds one and two. in position.
[Security 2] Bird three. confirm.
Bird three in position.
[President laughs]
-This tramontana is delicious. [laughs]
-[Eliseo laughs]
-You remembered?
-[Eliseo] Of course. How could I forget?
And do you know where it's from?
From an ice cream shop around the corner.
And it's among
the three best tramontanas in the city.
[laughs] Yes. it's very good.
[Eliseo laughs] I'm glad you liked it.
[President takes a deep breath]
-What a wonderful view.
-[Eliseo nods]
[President laughs]
I missed being up high.
The presidential residence...
is dark. a bottomless pit.
But precisely. Mr. President.
what I mean is.
from now on. this view...
is your view.
and that's what I wanted to talk about.
All right. Go ahead.
I've thought a lot.
and I believe I have a lot
to contribute to my beloved country.
So. I'm going to accept
your generous offer
to be your presidential advisor. sir.
Wow. I think that's excellent.
And you have no idea
how grateful I am
that you're putting your intellect
at the service of the country.
[Eliseo]
Well. it will be a pleasure for me.
But I have a few conditions.
[President takes a deep breath]
I figured.
-How much do you want?
-[Eliseo] No. please. that offends me.
I'd rather die than take money
from an impoverished state.
no way.
I want to offer my knowledge
as a volunteer.
for my blessed country. That's all.
[sighs]
And what are you going to ask
of the president?
[Eliseo] Three small conditions.
First. Mr. President.
I don't work as a superintendent.
Being superintendent is who I am.
That's my priority.
So. in order to advise you.
it has to be
on my free time. and from here.
-[President] Yes. I understand perfectly.
-[Eliseo] Great.
Second. and this is non-negotiable:
I want to report directly to you.
not to intermediaries.
-All right.
-[Eliseo] And third. sir:
if my ideas aren't applied.
I'd rather step aside
so I don't waste time.
and above all.
so you don't waste time.
You have no idea how grateful I am.
[Eliseo] So we have a deal?
[President] We have a deal.
-Done.
-[President laughs] Done.
♪ opening theme ♪
[thunder]
[fly buzzes]
THE BOSS 4
[thunder]
[police radio chatter]
♪ suspense music ♪
[police siren]
[Eliseo] What is this?
[police radio chatter continues]
[Liliana] Eliseo.
[Eliseo] Bye. ma'am.
[Renato]
Comrade Eliseo. good morning.
[Eliseo]
How are you. Renato? On vacation?
-[Renato] Two weeks in Miami.
-Oh. great.
-[Chiara] What's this?
-[Eliseo] Well. they put it up today.
[Eliseo] Looks like crime rates
have gone up.
[Renato] No. they put these guard booths
in front of ministers' homes.
some judge.
-[Eliseo] Oh. really?
-Yeah.
Maybe someone important
moved into the neighborhood.
[Eliseo]
I don't know. I just saw it.
[Chiara] It can't hurt.
There are so many dirty old men
in this neighborhood at night.
[Renato]
Chiara. watch your mouth. damn it!
[Chiara] What do you want me to say?
They're dirty old men. Dad.
[Eliseo laughs]
Well. have a wonderful vacation.
Oh. sorry.
Watch out for sharks. okay?
I read that more and more.
those shameless things
are coming closer to the shore.
And a lot of people think that
when a shark comes close.
you have to stay still. play dead.
Wrong. You have to move.
make sudden movements.
Because if you stay still.
the shark will think you're easy prey.
[shark noises] And they devour you.
[shark noises] You have to be careful.
[Chiara] Damn! Dad.
now I'm really not going in the ocean.
[Eliseo laughs]
No. it's not the season now. Chiara.
That's when they migrate.
from April to September. I think.
Now the chances are one in a million.
But I'd be careful.
Need help with the bags?
-[Renato] Thanks. Eliseo.
-[Eliseo] Well. bye.
Have a wonderful vacation.
♪ comic music ♪
Eliseo.
[Eliseo] Hi. good afternoon.
Doctor. did you hear?
-Hear what?
-[Eliseo] I sold my company.
You did?
I'm telling you so you can tell
your union friends.
They'll definitely be happy.
No. I already left that vulture's nest.
No. there’s too much riffraff.
Well. congratulations.
And sorry. how much did you sell it for?
Can I ask?
Want to try guessing?
Three hundred thousand dollars?
Five hundred thousand?
-[Eliseo] A liter.
-[Zambrano] A what?
Seven figures.
A million dollars?
-[Eliseo laughs]
-[Zambrano laughs] Good.
[takes a deep breath]
So. adding what you said before.
you have $1.552.293.
A little more. because in these six months
I worked with SIB.
we've been receiving
the condominium fees.
plus the superintendent add-ons.
which adds up to about
ten thousand more a month.
So. $1.612.293.
And my salary here and commissions.
another 14 thousand dollars.
So. $1.626.293.
And there's the apartment Bebita left me.
may she rest in peace. my love.
which is bringing in two thousand a month.
Of course I have to subtract
the ten thousand I gave to the recyclers.
the ones who stay here every night.
You gave them ten thousand dollars?
[Eliseo] Yes. a donation
for dental care and education.
That way I get rid of the excess. Doctor.
[Zambrano] What excess?
Doctor. it's proven that if someone
accumulates more money than they need.
the excess turns into cancer.
Each individual.
according to their lifestyle.
knows what they need to live well.
When it goes beyond that limit.
money becomes a problem.
So by selling my company.
I went over the limit.
and now I'm getting rid of the excess.
-Where did you get that nonsense?
-[Eliseo] No. it's not nonsense. Doctor.
If you fill a glass with water.
when it reaches the limit.
if you keep pouring...
what happens?
It overflows. It's wasted.
It's the same with money.
But I can buy a bigger glass.
Let me ask you:
have you filled your glass?
Because with the division of assets.
I imagine Romina got a million.
[laughs] Between that
and the crypto crash. my God!
Today you must be sitting
on about two and a half million.
I'd guess.
I'm getting close. Doctor. huh? [laughs]
[Zambrano and Eliseo laugh]
Bye. my dear.
[Eliseo] Have a good day. Doctor.
[car alarm turns off]
-[door slams]
-[Zambrano huffs]
[Zambrano] Call Mario Messina.
[automated female voice]
Calling Mario Messina.
[ringback tone]
-[Messina] Matías. how are you?
-[Zambrano] Listen. Marito.
We're taking the first step
of Operation Basurto.
That miserable bastard drives me crazy.
[Messina] I'd need more time
to implement the measure and...
-[Zambrano] We don't have time. Bye.
-[Messina] Why the rush?
♪ suspense music ♪
[Anchorwoman]
The President of the Republic is expected
at the opening of the ordinary sessions
of the Legislative Assembly.
[Anchorman]
But there's an important point
All this is happening
in a climate of tension. isn't it?
-[Anchorwoman] Imagine...
-[Lionel] Good morning. sir. How are you?
My name is Lionel. I'll be helping you.
Are you looking for something specific?
Yes. a TV.
-For yourself. sir?
-[Eliseo] Yes.
We have a gem that just arrived.
43 inches. full HD. made in China.
[Lionel] Very economical.
Good for your wallet.
No. it's too small.
It looks like an aquarium.
Something bigger. more...
-[Lionel] I see. Treating yourself?
-Yes. [laughs]
[Lionel]
We have 50-inch ones over there.
Locally made.
LED. ideal for small spaces.
Small spaces.
I don't think you understood me.
I want something
more imposing. something...
[Lionel] Then the 75-inch.
No. not that either.
Is that the biggest you have?
What's the top of the line here?
[Lionel] The largest unit
for sale is the 100-inch.
-And where is it?
-[Lionel] Over there.
[Eliseo]
That's it. High-end. Perfect.
I'll take this one. There. That's it.
-[Lionel] Are you sure?
-Yes.
We're talking about a high price.
you know.
It's fine. I can pay.
All right.
At the moment. it's not in stock.
[Eliseo nods ironically]
[Lionel] Even so.
we can deliver it to your home.
and if you'd like.
we can do 18 monthly installments.
to make it hurt a little less.
[Eliseo laughs]
No. thank you very much. but no.
I like to buy in cash.
bill on top of bill.
in a nice. tasty pile.
I only ask. please.
that you don't issue an invoice.
We split the VAT.
ten and a half each. right?
I'll see what I can do.
[traffic noise]
♪ comic suspense music ♪
[bus approaches]
[driver] Good morning.
-[President] Hi. ma'am. ma'am.
-[woman] Yes. yes?
[President] Would you pay my fare
with your card?
I lost mine. I'll give you the cash.
[woman] Sure. no problem.
[President] All right. here it is.
-No. that's too much. That's much more.
-[President] It's for your kindness.
-[President] Thank you.
-Thank you.
♪ comic suspense music continues ♪
[police radio chatter continues]
-[Galurdián] Eliseo!
-[Eliseo] Hi. Ricardo.
-How are you?
-[Galurdián] Fine. very well.
Good.
[Galurdián] What do you know
about that guard booth? Huh?
It's good to have security.
What security. Ricardo?
Can't you see him snoozing?
He's nice and warm in there.
All he's missing is a pillow.
[Galurdián] Eliseo.
please. trust me for once.
-Promise me.
-[Eliseo] I promise.
-[Galurdián] Trust me. Trust me.
-[Eliseo] I promise. No.
[Eliseo]
See you later. Ricardo.
Mr. President. what a surprise.
What are you doing here?
[President]
I did what you said.
You told me to do what I felt like doing.
So I took a bus.
It's been 30 years since I last took one.
-This time. I brought the ice cream.
-[Eliseo] Oh. come this way.
-♪ comic music ♪
-[door opens]
[Eliseo] Welcome to my humble home.
Mr. President.
-[President laughs] I like it.
-[Eliseo laughs]
[President] It's simple. austere.
-Minimalist.
-[Eliseo] Exactly.
[Eliseo] Please.
And what worries you most?
How can I help?
Right now.
what's keeping me up at night
is the opening
of the ordinary sessions.
Defending my administration.
facing the opposition.
Then let's work on that.
I'll try to give you some advice
so you feel more confident.
-Really?
-[Eliseo] Of course.
Persuasion is my thing.
Leave it to me.
-[Eliseo] Excuse me for asking.
-Yes.
Don't you like being president?
-[Eliseo] Yes?
[sighs]
-Well. I don't know.
-[Eliseo laughs]
Lately. I've been in crisis about it.
I gave my best ideas. my best team.
But they attack me from all sides.
they manipulate me.
I shrivel up like a raisin
and become useless.
You have no idea how I wish
I had a job like yours.
[Eliseo]
Careful. It has its problems too.
No. seriously. it's not that easy.
And I'm sorry.
all this police presence.
the guard booth in front of the building.
it's all because of you. right?
[President] Yes. of course. It's protocol.
If I'm going to come here often...
[Eliseo]
Yes. but it's too much. truly.
I'd like to handle this
as discreetly as possible.
-Don't worry.
-[Eliseo] All right.
I'll have them remove it all
right now.
[Eliseo]
Good. Should I get the ice cream?
Yes. of course. Definitely. [laughs]
[truck chime]
♪ comic music ♪
-[woman] Good morning.
-[Eliseo] Morning.
-[woman] May we come in?
-[Eliseo] Yes. Which unit?
Um... Apartment 2A.
-[Eliseo] Yes. and who is it. exactly?
-We're with Global Homes Agency.
Of course. One moment. please.
[intercom buzzes]
-[Marina] Yes?
-Marina. good morning.
There are two young ladies
from Global Homes Agency here.
Should I let them up?
-[Marina] Yes. Eliseo. Thank you.
-All right. Perfect.
Take that elevator.
-[Eliseo] Sorry to be nosy.
-Yes?
-[Eliseo] What kind of agency is it?
-International adoptions.
We find homes. families.
for vulnerable children.
Oh. how lovely.
Do you bring children from abroad?
From where?
We have a presence in Mali.
Senegal. Haiti. Kazakhstan.
What noble work. Congratulations.
-Please. go in.
-[woman] Thank you.
[Eliseo] You're welcome.
♪ suspense music ♪
[Messina clears his throat]
[Messina]
Hi. Eliseo. How are you?
Fine. Messina. And you?
I need to talk to you for a few minutes
in private. Is that okay?
Yes. What happened?
Unfortunately. Eliseo.
I don't bring good news.
I noticed. What is it?
Well. as you well know.
the condominium. generously.
rents out apartment 1B for you to live in.
"Generously"?
It's what I'm entitled to by law.
But by law.
the superintendent must also:
"inhabit the unit in the building
that was designated for that purpose.
and it is forbidden to use it
for any other purpose."
Article 23 of the collective agreement.
I know that perfectly.
What's the problem?
It's that you used the apartment
for commercial purposes.
Also.
it was your office
and your company's registered address.
[Eliseo nods]
Not anymore. You can go look. It's empty.
But the offense has
already been committed. right?
And besides.
everyone found out. It's very serious.
[Eliseo] So?
Well. the administration
made the decision
to suspend the lease
and notify you to vacate the unit
within a reasonable time.
[laughs] The decision was made
by the administration.
-[Messina nods]
-We know each other. Messina.
[takes a deep breath]
You're an opportunistic parasite
who latches on wherever it suits you.
Who decided all this? Really.
Who was it? Zambrano?
-[Zambrano] Good morning.
-[Eliseo laughs]
How lovely.
[Zambrano] I'm late. aren't I?
[Eliseo] Wonderful. How are you. Doctor?
-[Zambrano] Fine.
-[Eliseo] Good to see you again.
-[Zambrano] Likewise.
-[Eliseo] All right. what's the problem?
Because I'm part of the condominium.
and nobody told me anything.
Precisely.
You're an owner. Use your unit.
[Messina disapproves]
Oh. no. you rent it out
to the guy with bad breath.
[sighs] Don't make me take this to court.
You can't take away from me
what I'm entitled to by law.
The law says the superintendent
has the right to use
and enjoy adequate housing.
And nowhere does the law say
it has to be in the same building.
But this can be solved
with a little money. you know?
[Zambrano] Find some dump
the size of that little terrace you had.
The condominium will pay. No problem.
No need. I can pay for it myself.
[Messina]
Unfortunately. that won't be possible.
I spoke to the owner of the apartment.
and given everything that happened
with your company and the union.
he considers you
an extremely problematic tenant.
Those are his words. not mine.
-[Messina] He doesn't want you to stay.
-[Zambrano agrees]
[Messina] So you have ten days
to vacate the unit.
You're crossing
a very unfortunate line. Doctor.
Do you really want
to go down this road?
Eliseo. if anything seems unfair
or you want to file a complaint.
I recommend you file it with the union.
Gómez is right next door.
He's a union delegate.
He likes you a lot. You have
such a lovely relationship. don't you?
♪ tense music ♪
[water sloshing]
Hi. Mr. Schuster. How are you?
Fine. Very well. actually.
-[Eliseo] I'm very happy to hear that.
-[Schuster sighs]
Mint candy?
-No. thank you.
-[Eliseo] No?
-[Schuster] I'm better.
-Yeah?
[Schuster] The doctor said I can go
15-minute periods without the mask.
Don't tell me. [sniffs]
[blows]
-Very good. Doctor. Congratulations.
-[Schuster] Thank you very much.
And how are you. Eliseo?
I'm getting by. Doctor.
I've got some
little problems that. honestly.
I don't know how I'm going to solve.
What happened?
My parents are sick.
-[sighs]
-[Eliseo] Yeah...
It's psychological. They're delirious.
You know how it is.
Poor things.
My little angels get lost
and need constant care.
Old age is the brain's worst enemy.
[Eliseo]
Right. and they live in Cañuelas.
I can't go there to take care of them
and come back here. It's a nightmare.
If it were up to me. I'd bring them both
here to live with me.
but there's no room for the three of us.
I'll be honest:
if I hadn't rented to you.
I'd bring them both to live with me.
That would be the solution.
even if it meant losing the income
I receive in dollars.
which. in the country right now.
helps a lot. but...
[Eliseo] They had surgery recently.
both of them. on their hips.
Mom fell and broke it. poor thing.
[Eliseo] And Dad. trying to help.
went over and fell too. and...
[voice breaking] If they fall again...
they'll go to parent's heaven.
Eliseo. do you need me
to give the apartment back?
-No. Doctor...
-[Schuster] No. seriously.
No. Doctor. no. no. really. no. Please.
It's a way for me to repay you
for everything you've done.
[Eliseo chuckles]
[Schuster]
I can check at the university.
They have shared housing.
I'll look into it and let you know.
Are you serious. Mr. Schuster?
You're a saint.
I don't even know what to say.
Don't worry.
[exclaims in relief]
My parents are going to be so happy.
♪ comic tense music ♪
DISINFECTANT
[blows]
[Miguel] Careful.
-[Eliseo] There you go. Easy.
-[Miguel] Yes.
-[Eliseo] Easy.
-[Miguel] Like that.
[electronic click]
[Eliseo] There.
[TV jingle plays]
[Miguel] Want an app to watch shows?
[Eliseo] No. no. no.
Sitting on your butt on the couch.
watching one episode after another
like a zombie... No.
Besides. TV isn't for that.
[Miguel] Then what is it for?
[birds chirping]
[Eliseo sighs contentedly]
♪ comic suspense music ♪
-[Marina] Hi.
-[Eliseo] Hi. Congratulations!
[Marina] Why?
I had no idea
you were trying to become a mother.
On your own. Doctor. How brave.
How did you find out. Eliseo?
Because I met the lady from the agency
at the door the other day.
Oh. thank you.
Is the process difficult?
Yes. yes. It's complex.
Especially for a single-parent family
like mine.
adopting Haitian children
is even more complicated.
[Marina] Yes. there are many checks.
suitability exams.
then the Argentine government
has to accept
the adoption request
from Haiti's government.
-That's a lot of bureaucracy.
-[Eliseo scoffs]
Why Haiti?
Well... I don't know.
Some friends from a foundation
were adopting children from there.
and they influenced me.
There are such good people. right?
My God.
So. pretty soon.
we'll have a boy or a girl around here.
-[Marina] A boy.
-A boy?
Yes. His name is Dieudonné.
Oh. Dieudonné.
-[Marina] Dieudonné.
-It's beautiful. isn't it?
Do you have a photo?
-[hesitates] Yes.
-[Eliseo] Can I see?
Sure. [sighs]
Oh. I love children. I adore them.
[Marina nods] This one.
-[Eliseo] Oh. how beautiful! Huh?
-[Marina] Yeah? You think so?
Doctor. he has your eyes. Do you see?
It must be destiny. Please.
♪ comic tense music ♪
-Come in. Mr. President.
-[President] Yes.
[Eliseo] How are you?
-Fine.
-Thank you so much for your time.
-[Eliseo] It was nothing.
I just didn't speak to you before
because I had a personal problem.
Did something happen?
Can I help?
No. no. I already took care of it.
Let's go inside.
because it's cold on the balcony.
-[President] Oh. yes. yes.
-Come in. please. Come in.
-[door slams]
-[keys clinking]
[Eliseo] I moved.
because this apartment is better. sir.
[President] No. it's very nice.
Come in. Mr. President.
[birds chirping]
[President] And this?
This is an immersive
reflection space. sir.
This is where I vacation.
Look...
after my first and only trip to Brazil.
I realized the problem
is going on vacation at all. sir.
[President nods]
All the discomfort that trip brings.
From the line at the airport.
where are the documents. the passport.
all the stress that causes...
the uncomfortable airplane seat.
when you get to the beach.
the wind in your face. children crying.
So I thought.
"Why so much misery? Why?"
I can contemplate the same view
in these 19 covered square meters.
without traveling. Mr. President.
-[President laughs] How original.
-[Eliseo] Please. sit.
-Well. thank you very much.
-[Eliseo] Of course.
[Eliseo] Relax.
-[birds chirping]
-[ocean waves]
[Eliseo] Do you like
this view. this beach?
Because I have others.
I have Seychelles. Tulum. Ipanema...
[takes a deep breath] No.
This one is very beautiful. Very good.
[Eliseo] All right.
[Eliseo] Peaceful. isn't it?
[takes a deep breath] Yes.
-[Eliseo] See how you get into it?
-[President] Yes. yes.
[Eliseo] Oh. I wanted to show you
something I put together.
Here are some tips...
for your speech
at the opening of the ordinary sessions.
Well. but...
that's a lot of work. Eliseo.
-When did you do this?
-[Eliseo] In my free time. sir.
[President nods]
[inhales deeply]
The thing is...
I don't know
if I'll be able to memorize it.
because I don't have much time.
[Eliseo] I've thought about that. sir.
I have an idea.
risky. maybe. but it could work.
♪ comic suspense music ♪
[alarm clock beeps]
[Eliseo breathes deeply]
♪ comic suspense music continues ♪
[keys jingle]
[door closes]
[glass clinks]
[whiskey bottle pops open]
[sips whiskey]
[clock ticking]
[ball bounces noisily]
[Zambrano snores]
[Zambrano gasps]
[Zambrano pants] What the hell is that?
[Romina. groggy] Huh?
[pants]
Didn't you hear something strange?
[Romina. groggy] I didn't hear anything.
[Zambrano pants]
[ball bounces noisily]
[Zambrano pants] Damn it!
[Romina. groggy] Shh! Stop it. Matías.
You're the only one hearing it.
I want to sleep.
[Zambrano pants]
[glass clinks]
♪ suspense music ♪
[door slams]
[Eliseo]
Good morning. Doctor.
-Eliseo. a question.
-[Eliseo] Yes.
Last night. around three in the morning.
I heard a very annoying noise
above my bedroom.
Like a hollow thud.
like it was bouncing.
Tap... tap. tap. tap. tap.
-[Eliseo] Really?
-Tap... tap. tap. tap. tap.
But it's strange. Over yours...
it's the Di Lellas'.
and the Di Lellas traveled.
Don't you have their keys?
No. Doctor. Other people's keys. never.
That's a huge responsibility for me.
No. I was thinking
it could be a pipe vibrating.
Materials wear out. Doctor.
Believe it or not. they do.
But if it were a pipe.
you'd hear it all the time.
and this was very...
It started at three in the morning.
-[Eliseo. surprised]
-Tap... tap. tap. tap. tap. You know?
Too precise for a pipe. don't you think?
[Eliseo] Sure. sure.
And it kept you up. You look tired.
Yeah. it throws you off.
Don't worry. Doctor.
If it happens again.
call me and I'll run over.
Now we're very close.
I finally moved
into Bebita's apartment.
-Oh. good. Congratulations.
-[Eliseo laughs] Yes. thank God.
Thank you.
-I'm going to court.
-[Eliseo] Perfect. Doctor.
Tap... tap. tap. tap. tap.
[Eliseo] Please. go. go.
Oh God. how awful.
Have a great day. Doctor.
What a horrible noise. It's so annoying.
Tap. tap. tap. tap. tap. tap. tap...
Tap... Damn. it's starting!
[narrator. on TV] From this moment on.
This is a broadcast on LRA.
National Radio.
together with all stations
that make up the national network
of radio and television
across the country.
on the occasion of the opening
of the 145th ordinary session
of the Honorable National Congress.
[all applaud]
NATIONAL CONGRESS
OPENING OF ORDINARY SESSIONS
[President] Deputies and senators
of the National Congress.
I address you
and all the Argentine people.
NATIONAL CONGRESS
THE LEGISLATIVE YEAR BEGINS
But not to deliver
a comfortable or ceremonial speech.
For years. we've heard talk of crises
as if it were the country's natural state.
But I'm not here to manage decline.
[on TV] but rather to bring about
a profound transformation.
[senator 1] And now you remember that.
you shameless bastard?
Shut up. you lunatic!
[senator 2] That's right!
[applause]
[applause. on TV]
[laughs]
♪ comic tense music ♪
I know very well some will try to resist.
[President] I know very well
that some will try to resist.
-I'm warning you right now...
-[President] I'm warning you right...
I'm not afraid of wear
and tear or confrontation.
[President] I'm not afraid of wear
-The only thing I fear...
-[President] The only thing I fear...
Is betraying...
[Eliseo. cueing] The people's hope.
[President] Is betraying
the people's hope.
That's why I decided to sign.
in the next few hours.
a package of measures
to take immediate effect
that will relieve the endemic
ills affecting all Argentines.
We'll begin. Point number one...
[President]
Any citizen who drives drunk...
...will not only have
their license revoked forever...
[President] ...but will also be
barred from accessing
any private vehicle.
even as a passenger.
being relegated to public transportation.
[applause]
[booing]
[senator 3] Nobody believes you.
[laughs]
I don't need you to believe me.
I need you to listen and obey.
That's all.
[President]
I don't need you to believe me.
I need you to listen and obey.
That's all.
Blow a little kiss and wink.
-[applause]
-[kiss]
[Eliseo laughs softly]
[applause. on TV]
[applause continues]
[President] Point number two:
Justice must respond
to citizens like never before.
To begin with.
all judiciary employees
will begin working full time.
not from seven to noon. as they do now.
which is an insult.
[President. on the radio]
In addition. any lawyer practicing
in Argentine territory
must issue an invoice for their services
and present the corresponding
proof of payment.
with maximum fees
set by the National Government.
[nervous]
What is he talking about. idiot?
Point number three:
The owner of a dog who fails to pick up
their pet’s feces from public streets
will be fined an amount equal
to five minimum wages.
[senator 3] And inflation?
[senator 4]
Yeah. what about inflation?
Silence. please.
The President is speaking.
There are many points left to cover.
So make yourselves comfortable.
because we will be here for a long time.
There are many points left to cover.
So make yourselves comfortable.
because we will be here for a long time.
-[applause. on TV]
-It's incredible. Mr. President.
What you're doing is insane.
Congratulations.
[applause]
NATIONAL CONGRESS
OPENING OF ORDINARY SESSIONS
[hands rubbing together]
♪ ending credits music ♪
THE BOSS 4
♪ ending credits music continues ♪
♪ ending credits music fades out ♪